♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run on lightly♪
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
You're different from her.
You're
the pure type.
I actually understood
what your sister was thinking
back then.
She was protecting you.
You were so young.
She didn't want you to have
anything to do with someone like me.
But it didn't matter
because now we know each other,
and it's not too late.
And look at you,
all grown up
and beautiful!
Don't touch me!
So what if I'm touching you?
Stay away from me!
No!
I'll go further than that.
Don't touch me!
Hey, what are you doing?
From now on, you're mine.
Hei!
You'll be paying back
what your sister owed me.
Someone smashed our car.
Who did that?
Who smashed my car?
Don't worry.
They won't catch up.
Did you smash his car?
Qiao Qingyu,
I don't understand
why you're involved with those rascals.
But I believe
they won't let you off so easily.
Thank you for reminding me.
I'll be careful.
All right. You can call me Mumu
from now on,
and I'll call you Qingyu.
Mumu.
[A Dance Tribute to Qiao Beiyu]
Stand up. Let me fix your costume.
All right, it's done. Shall we start?
Do you like them?
[Episode 7]
[Cries from Nanqiao Village]
Keep this.
We hope to see you again soon.
Are you full?
Yes.
Go get the car.
Check, please.
All right.
Which table?
Table 4.
Table 4, I see.
Three servings of pork chop noodles.
That's 36 yuan.
Here's 100 yuan. Keep the change.
That won't do.
It's fine.
Is Qiao Beiyu your daughter?
She was my girlfriend.
So you're practically my mother-in-law.
Taking care of your noodle house
is something I should do, right?
No need to give me back
the change, right?
Is this a mistake?
I... I have no idea
who you're talking about.
I don't need your money. Please leave.
I'm an adult.
How could I dine and dash?
It's fine if you don't know her.
You have another daughter, right?
Why isn't she here?
Please take the money.
I'll come back another day.
Make ways.
Madam.
Hey.
Jeez.
We're neighbors.
I'm just showing care.
Why are you ignoring me?
Don't get her wrong, Ma.
She's not ignoring you.
How about this?
This bowl of noodles is on the house.
I can't let you do that.
No, it's nothing.
Is it acting up again?
I'm good.
I'll massage it for you
when we get home.
Don't let Qingyu come here.
Don't make a fuss about it.
Those thugs are just trying to scare us.
Besides,
we can't manage the shop alone.
Absolutely not.
I'll see what I can do.
Also,
don't let Qingyu know about this.
[Qiao's Handmade Noodle House]
Qingyu,
we've got a guest.
Qian Huan.
Yes.
It's our family shop.
If you're tired, just let me know.
Don't worry.
If you want to eat
or need anything, just let me know.
The department store is around here.
We can go shopping anytime.
Don't worry about me.
I have got everything I need.
Look, I even brought my foot basin.
Have some water.
Sure.
Uncle Lusheng, Aunt Fanghao,
your place is big.
Well, no.
The apartments in the city
are not as comfortable
as the old houses back home.
The countryside can't match the city.
Everything in big cities is pricey.
In my factory dorm,
we have eight people
sharing a single room,
with shared bathrooms and toilets.
Oh.
You're back. Let me introduce you
to each other.
This is Qingyu and Yu.
This is your cousin, Qiao Huan.
She's Uncle Pengfei's daughter.
Go on, say hello.
- Hi, Qiao Huan.
You were childhood playmates.
Don't you recognize each other now?
Hi, Qingyu, Jinyu.
Have a seat.
Come. Have a seat.
Qiao Huan's factory closed down,
so
she came here to help us out.
So starting today,
you don't have to
go to the shop anymore.
Come straight home after school.
I'll bring dinner back for you.
Really?
Hooray, Mom!
Huan,
I'm sorry you have to
make do with the sofa tonight.
Sure.
Tomorrow...
What's going on?
You can move over
once everything is set up.
I have no idea.
Mom, what are you doing?
I'm throwing all these clothes away.
You don't need them at school.
Why are you throwing them away?
They are too fancy.
Not at all.
What am I supposed to wear
if you throw them all away?
You have your school uniform.
This one.
Cashmere.
It's new.
It's been two years.
You haven't got a chance to wear it.
Good. It can keep you warm.
What?
Something seems off about Mom,
don't you think?
There's nothing to be surprised.
It'd be strange if she acted normal.
Qian Huan, my mom said
you used to work at a clothing factory
in Huanzhou.
Yes.
I started working when I was your age.
It's been four to five years.
Didn't you go to school?
I'm not like you.
I'm not cut out for studying.
In Nanqiao Village,
girls who graduate from junior high
either get married immediately
or leave to work
to support their families.
The only girl who got support
from their parents to finish senior high
and associate degree program
was Beiyu,
but she turned out worse than us.
Qingyu, I wasn't thinking.
Don't take it personally.
It's fine.
There are many job opportunities
in Huanzhou.
Why would you work at our noodle house?
Easy job, high pay.
Besides, we're relatives.
And Aunt Fanghao said
she desperately needed help.
I thought I could help,
so I came.
So your factory didn't close down.
It's because my mom asked you to come.
Right.
The factory did shut down.
I'm so forgetful.
Qingyu, your parents
really care about you.
[It's getting colder.
Baby, make sure you bundle up.]
[Or else I'll be worried about you.]
Qingyu,
is the thug at the gate
really your boyfriend?
You're a man.
Why are you drinking something so pink?
It's sweet and pretty.
Don't you like it?
Here.
What flavor is this?
Pink and green.
What a good match.
[Huanzhou High School]
What's wrong with her?
She's in trouble.
What's going on?
What happened?
She's bold enough
to mess with Hei.
Hei's a thug.
He's infamously ruthless.
She's in for it.
Why is it you?
Who else could it be?
Stop looking around. Just the two of us.
Aren't you heading home? Go on.
Do you live around here?
I haven't seen you before.
I'm meeting Wang Mumu.
Urgh.
This house is quite run-down.
I'm so sick of this water heater
breaking down.
We should
get a new one.
And when we move out,
are we going to take it with us?
Dad and Mom work hard to make a living.
We need to save money.
Don't spend as you wish.
Qiao Jinyu.
What?
Come here.
He Feihai told me
Qiao Beiyu ran away
from Nanqiao Village to Shunyun.
Did you know about this?
I...
I knew.
Why don't I remember anything about it?
Dad and Mom didn't let me tell you.
It was a freezing day,
dark and gloomy,
with heavy snow on the way.
I saw her on my way home.
Yu.
Dad, Mom.
I don't want to go back
to Nanqiao Village anymore.
I don't want to sit for NCEE.
I want to stay here in Shunyun with you.
I can help out at the shop.
I won't be a nuisance.
But you have to finish high school.
Aren't you planning to apply
to the dance academy?
I don't want to study anymore.
As long as I can be with you,
I'm fine with quitting school.
Beiyu,
what about your future
if you quit school now?
Have you not heard about this?
University graduates
are everywhere nowadays.
If you can't graduate from high school,
it'd be so embarrassing
if people found out.
I'm not afraid of that.
But I am.
Beiyu, listen to me.
You must finish your studies, all right?
I understand you're upset.
I know you...
Since you were a kid,
I haven't been around you
and have put you through a lot.
But you see,
everyone has tough times in their lives,
right?
Sometimes, you just have to
endure and push through.
You'll get over it.
Think it through.
Take your future seriously,
right?
Your mom's right.
Everything will be all right
once you get into the university.
Dad, Mom!
Why is no one watching the shop?
- Okay.
- Coming.
After that,
I didn't hear about her running away.
She didn't run
because she knew no one would save her.
Back then, if...
Back then,
we were just kids.
Even if we knew,
what could we do?
Where are you going?
I'm going to ask Dad and Mom
why they didn't help Qiao Beiyu?
Hey, you...
Don't say I told you this.
Hey!
[Qiao's Handmade Noodle House]
What are you doing?
Call the police.
Call the police now.
Call the police. Quick!
Get your daughter here.
Hei, well...
Don't be mad with her.
She's just a girl.
Nonsense.
It was Qiao Beiyu
who hooked up with other men
behind my back.
She cheated on me.
She embarrassed me.
She owed me this, didn't she?
So her sister should repay
what she owed me.
Isn't that the way it has to be?
It has nothing to do with her.
Do you have garlic?
Garlic.
Yes, we do.
If my child did something wrong,
I'll apologize for her.
But this has nothing to do with Qingyu.
Hey.
Don't
play the victim.
I just want to date your daughter.
It's not like I'd eat her.
Besides,
it was Qiao Qingyu
who reached out to me.
She was the one who made the first move.
This is impossible!
I guess you haven't known yet.
Your daughter asked around about Hei.
Doesn't that mean
she's interested in him?
Nonsense!
Well, get your daughter here.
Just ask her and you'll get your answer.
So spicy.
Ah!
What are you doing?
No...
I'm sorry.
So sorry.
Here you are.
The police are here.
Hei, should we go?
It's over. You should go.
It's over now. Just go.
Leave.
Qingyu.
Be careful when you're out alone.
Stay away from those thugs.
Did I warn you this before?
They claimed
you approached them.
What were you up to?
I just wanted to find out
who caused Qiao Beiyu's death.
She brought shame to herself.
No one else is to blame.
Seriously?
She's already gone.
What more do you want to know?
Don't keep digging!
Exposing everything
will destroy our family's
already damaged reputation.
Did you say that to Qiao Beiyu
when she
fled Nanqiao Village for Shunyun?
What did you say?
It was cold.
Qiao Beiyu ran all the way here
to seek your help,
but what did you do?
You knew she was bullied
in Nanqiao Village.
You knew
what she went through.
But you didn't save her.
What nonsense are you talking about?
I was going to ask
why you didn't save her,
but I know the answer now.
Because you're too selfish.
Because you think Beiyu's life
was less important than your pride!
Qing!
Go away!
Are you not angry
with what they say about you?
Qiao Beiyu,
is what they're saying true?
Are you really like what they say?
If you tell me it's not true,
I'll believe you.
Qiao Beiyu, answer me.
Qiao Beiyu.
What if it's true?
If you don't want to end up like me,
stay away from me.
What?
I came to remind you
that today is Mr. Ming's birthday.
What does it have to do with me?
It does with me.
My mom is his regular patient,
so I'd like to thank him
on his birthday.
I have practice after school.
Bring this to him for me.
Thanks a bunch.
If you're not free or don't want to,
throw it away.
I'll throw it away.
Don't think I won't dare.
Notify the blood bank
to prepare four units
of red blood cells,
400 ml of plasma,
and ten units of cryoprecipitate.
Okay.
The leukemia patient
is in critical condition.
Ming Sheng.
A critically ill patient
has just been admitted
for emergency surgery.
Wait in his room.
I'll have him come over
once the surgery is done.
Just stay here.
[Diagnostic Criteria for Hepatobiliary
and Pancreatic Surgical Diseases]
Connect the patient to the ECG monitor.
Make sure to pay attention
to their vitals and urine output.
But remember this.
The patient has
their right liver removed.
Do remember to inform
the family about this.
All right, Dr. Ming.
This is the standard procedure.
There will be no mistakes.
You should get off work now.
It's fine. I need to head to the ICU.
Have you forgotten what day it is?
Dr. Ming.
Yes.
What day is it?
Today's your birthday. Did you forget?
Ming Sheng is here.
He prepared a birthday cake for you.
He's waiting for you in your room.
Go on.
Go.
It's getting colder.
Aunt Fanghao told me
to get a thick blanket.
Life in the city is pleasant,
even the winters are mild.
By the way, have you heard about that?
Aunt Qin is dead.
What has happened?
After she was taken out of the fire,
she had been in a bad condition.
She was hospitalized for a while,
but her condition didn't improve.
The expenses were so much higher
that Uncle Jiangsheng had no choice
but to bring her home.
She struggled for a while more,
but eventually,
she couldn't hold on anymore.
Frankly, she's probably at peace now.
Aunt Qin was pretty and educated.
It's a shame she had a terrible fate.
Why would someone like her
marry into Nanqiao Village?
My mom said
Aunt Qin had a younger brother.
Her parents married her off
to get her betrothal gifts
for finding a wife for her brother.
Now that I think about it,
if Aunt Qin hadn't
gone through all this,
perhaps she'd still be alive.
If Qiao Beiyu hadn't
gone through all that,
would she still be alive?
I'm sorry. I've caused you trouble.
We'll clean up the mess.
Sorry. We're so sorry.
Look at those scribbles.
Qiao Beiyu?
How many children are there
in their family?
I think it's Qiao...
Qingyu.
Right.
Yes, two of them.
Oh my.
Who did this? This is terrible.
Let me help you.
No need.
Thanks.
Hey, here's mine. Sorry, I'm late.
Hand it in earlier next time.
Why are some still missing?
Who hasn't submitted their homework?
Where's she?
No idea. It was like this
when I got here.
She's probably hiding
because she didn't do her homework.
Ming Sheng, turn in your homework.
Why are you sitting here?
The class is starting.
I heard about what happened
to your shop.
I thought it was something serious.
It's no big deal.
It's just some gossiping.
Huanzhou is a big city,
and many things happen every day.
They'll forget a few days later.
Do you think Qiao Beiyu
was just as upset as I am now?
No.
She must've felt even more terrible.
Infinitely worse, or even beyond that.
Actually, I used to hate Qiao Beiyu.
I thought she was foolish and weak.
She dragged our family into trouble
even after her death.
But now I understand.
Some wounds
never heal up.
She was too upset
to handle it.
That's why she chose to end her life,
to escape the harshness of reality.
But I'm not fine with it.
She paid the ultimate price
for her decision,
while her tormentors
faced no consequences.
Is there really such a thing as justice?
Can anyone solve this question?
Well, it's fine.
Let's continue working on this.
We're looking at the absolute value
of F1 multiplied by F2.
Does anyone
have any questions so far?
Note that MF1 equals 2,
which is half the value
of F1 times F2.
It's evident
that there are two
because this is the origin point,
which is our zero coordinate.
Hey, you there.
No running in the hallway.
All right, sir.
It takes two hours to take the bus
to the city stadium.
Why can't we take a cab?
Stop acting like a baby.
It'd cost a lot for all of us
to take cabs.
Besides,
we've got time before the match starts.
But I'm not fine with it.
She paid the ultimate price
for her decision,
while her tormentors
faced no consequences.
The bus is here.
What's on your mind?
Everyone gets one. Don't lose it.
Tie it on your head.
Have you memorized the new slogan?
Yeah.
When I shout, "Ming Sheng, Ming Sheng."
You go
- "Huanzhou High School wins!"
Yes, we know.
You've made us practice this
countless times.
Today's the finals. It's crucial.
Don't mess up.
All right.
I heard No. 1 High School
sent a strong team.
A few of them are sports students.
We have nothing to fear.
With Ming Sheng's participation,
victory is assured.
For sure. The champion is ours.
That's right.
Yes, that's right.
Who are you looking for?
Is Qiao Qingyu from this class?
Qiao Qingyu, someone's looking for you.
It's not me.
It's her boyfriend.
Her boyfriend is waiting for her
at the gate.
Dad, Mom, have some tea.
You didn't tell us
that you've been with him
for three years.
Your relationship has been
kept a secret all this time.
What exactly is Ming Qiuxin up to?
Is he toying with you?
Well.
They're in love.
How is that toying with her, then?
Let me ask you this.
When are you planning to get married?
Mom.
I don't have plans for that.
Is it your idea or his?
Enough.
He's agreed to meet with us.
That shows his sincerity.
When you see Dr. Ming later,
be nice to him.
If not, you'll scare him off.
Jeez.
Of course, I know.
I only nag in front of you.
All right. Have some tea.
Who's causing trouble here?
What makes you think
we're causing trouble?
Listen.
These are students.
They're different from the likes of you.
That sounds interesting.
What kind of people are we?
Say it clearly.
Qiao Qingyu is here.
Qiao Qingyu.
Qiao Qingyu is Hei's girl.
Qingyu,
I bought it from your parents' shop.
It's delicious.
Why don't you eat at her parents' shop?
What exactly do you want?
I've made up my mind.
I want to ask you out.
I'm not interested.
If you don't listen to me,
I'll make trouble for your family.
Your sister used my money.
She owed me.
Now that she is dead,
you have to pay it back.
What about what you did to Qiao Beiyu?
Are you actually jealous of her?
Turns out she's jealous of her sister.
It's fine.
Even though you're not as pretty as her,
I like it
when you pretend
as if you were a decent girl.
You have no idea what she was like...
Shut up.
I'm saying it anyway.
You have no idea
what she was like, do you?
Especially when she was drunk.
She would do everything I told her to.
Let go of me!
She's got a knife!
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪